web/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

adds invoice screen and crud examples

web/README.md, after:



## Next JS Web Template

The folder structure is as follows
```
web 
 - src
    - app
        - dashboard
        - example
    - example
    - global.css
    - layout.tsx
    - not-found.tsx
    - page.tsx
```

## Before starting

This app was built with Next 14 and Tailwind, there are also a few packages installed for Next 14 examples.

If you're not planing to use Tailwind CSS and or Postgres remove these packages from the package.json file.

```
yarn remove tailwindcss prettier-plugin-tailwindcss tailwind-merge clsx pg
```

You will also need to remove the helper function called cn located at:

```
web/src/utils/cn.ts
```

## Example Folders

The examples folders provide examples for using the NEW apis within Next JS 14

When using this template to create a new project, you should remove the example folders from this app before pushing to git.


## Dashboard Folder

The dashboard folder contains a very minimal dashboard example. It is a good starting point for building a dashboard.
